	When Mars Colonization was completed, and life on Earth came to an end in the year of 2103, humans believed that
the mankind was saved. Mankind was wrong. History repeated itself, and within 300 years
humans managed to deplete what mars had to offer. A small group of scientists working
in Mars Aeronautics and Space Administration (MASA), foresaw the upcoming disasters,
and they have prepared a contingency plan. This contingency plan was the colonization of Zephyros,
a planet named after the Greek God of West Winds, due to strong seasonal winds on the planet. This
planet was situated in Alta Galaxy. This meant saving the mankind was only possible through intergalactic voyage.
When the calendars hit March 1, 2411; the first group of astranauts left Mars in a spaceship, with the hopes of making
it to Alta Galaxy.

	Even though the spaceship was equipped with acceleration, it still takes billions of light years to arrive
there. However, the good thing is scientists had already figure out a way to get there within only one year, which 
which wormhole traveling. In the beginning, this kind of idea was denied by government, since there is no wormhole
at taht place. After that, a group of scientists suggested to create a new wormhole by ourselves. By using a gravitiy
machine, it could twist the space for a millsecond. And that is the only way to get to human's new home. It is now
or never.

	After several days of aggressive discussion between goverment officials, government finally approve the proposal
from scientists to fight to future for humanity as much as possible. The world most outstanding scientists come together
for the development of man-made wormhole, and they call this plan "MMWX".After unremitting efforts, they finally arrived 
at the day when the final experiment is conducted. However, an accident happened.
	
	Some of the older patriotic citizens volunteered themselves to 
participate in the final experiment even though that they could risk disappearing
for the rest of their lives. The first tester entered the man-made wormhole
and disappeared for 5 minutes. After a few more minutes, a weak signal could 
be heard from the other end of the wormhole. The tester managed to transmit a
hello message from the other end. Everyone cheered! Just as everybody thought
things would be fine, the man-made wormhole started to create a huge vibration
and disappeared into nowhere. The tester was gone and was never heard again.
